student   0   Barry
student   1   Antil
mark   DAPA   1   64
mark   IAML   2   72
mark   CCN   2   82
mark   AR   1   82
mark   COC   2   49
mark   SLIP   1   40
mark   BIO2   1   71
student   2   Josh
student   3   Andry
mark   TTS   3   97
mark   EXC   1   43
mark   IJP   2   89
mark   ES   3   98
mark   AV   1   57
student   4   Antle
student   5   Dasia
student   6   Ambrose
student   7   Michael
student   8   Sebastian
student   9   Acock
mark   COPT   0   100
mark   ADS   0   46
student   10   Annand
student   11   Arkell
student   12   Ackerman
student   13   Ackley
mark   AGTA   13   65
student   14   Angleton
student   15   Allerton
mark   IRP   9   77
student   16   Ackland
student   17   Finley
mark   AR   2   84
mark   DMR   9   42
student   18   Airington
mark   IRP   13   77
mark   ABS   18   60
mark   TTS   4   51
mark   IAML   4   77
student   19   Juliet
mark   PPLS   13   80
mark   DISS   5   64
student   20   Alltop
student   21   Danna
mark   AR   14   82
mark   INF1-CG   4   93
student   22   Aborn
student   23   Anslow
mark   BIO2   14   92
mark   RTN   14   72
student   24   Kaitlyn
student   25   Arkell
student   26   Mason
student   27   Applewhite
student   28   Harvey
student   29   Adderly
mark   EXC   6   84
mark   PM   21   79
mark   ES   17   96
student   30   Darlene
mark   TDD   8   99
student   31   Allred
student   32   Ager
mark   RTN   31   47
student   33   Benjamin
mark   TDD   1   67
student   34   Alley
mark   ABS   10   52
mark   DAPA   34   73
student   35   Ailey
mark   ES   29   97
mark   HCI   14   52
mark   DISS   3   54
student   36   Allie
mark   IRP   35   58
student   37   Acre
student   38   Angevine
student   39   Angel
mark   TDD   14   58
student   40   Jay
student   41   Andrew
student   42   Ament
mark   AGTA   17   88
mark   ADBS   13   63
mark   DISS   10   97
mark   TTS   27   52
student   43   Archey
student   44   Allford
student   45   Blake
mark   ASR   41   83
student   46   Ancell
student   47   Kailey
student   48   Addy
student   49   Angleton
student   50   Bevis
student   51   Kalyn
student   52   Amory
mark   PPLS   36   76
student   53   Bartholomew
mark   ASR   2   61
student   54   Allanson
student   55   Oscar
student   56   Alman
student   57   Anable
student   58   Anthony
mark   INF2D   19   54
mark   ANLP   44   73
student   59   Alders
student   60   Delilah
mark   TDD   35   82
student   61   Allums
student   62   Ady
mark   IAML   33   82
student   63   Alcock
student   64   Corinne
mark   BIO2   44   88
mark   DISS   58   82
mark   INF2D   32   96
mark   TTS   18   69
mark   IAML   44   87
mark   AGTA   9   97
mark   BIO2   63   100
student   65   Angevine
mark   IRP   28   66
mark   ASR   30   78
mark   COPT   23   87
mark   DISS   53   52
student   66   Alloway
mark   CCN   60   78
student   67   Kyle
student   68   Deasia
mark   TTS   6   91
student   69   Ale
mark   BIO2   24   54
mark   PM   23   40
mark   TTS   59   49
student   70   Arch
mark   BIO2   65   76
mark   PM   35   62
student   71   Annable
student   72   Arling
student   73   Spencer
student   74   Allgood
student   75   Alison
mark   AGTA   68   65
student   76   Finley
student   77   Adkins
student   78   Allford
student   79   Jude
student   80   Abram
student   81   Archdeacon
mark   DAPA   38   62
mark   EXC   50   68
mark   COC   7   77
student   82   Agar
mark   COC   30   85
mark   BIO1   2   92
student   83   Anchors
mark   INF1-CG   72   70
mark   BIO1   9   49
mark   SLIP   69   64
mark   ADS   71   41
mark   NIP   77   88
student   84   Alred
student   85   Kaleigh
mark   DAPA   7   90
mark   CCN   8   86
student   86   Arling
mark   TTS   51   67
mark   ASR   24   96
student   87   Albany
mark   IJP   59   54
mark   BIO1   85   54
mark   IAML   12   74
student   88   Addington
mark   HCI   29   79
mark   DISS   6   76
student   89   Apling
mark   ABS   87   42
mark   ES   56   66
student   90   Cristal
student   91   Oliver
mark   COC   26   55
student   92   Apley
mark   COC   82   65
student   93   Ackers
student   94   Argent
student   95   Anable
student   96   Ann
student   97   Alban
mark   CT   72   41
mark   NIP   84   50
mark   DAPA   65   95
mark   IJP   51   87
mark   TTS   89   54
mark   NIP   51   54
mark   ABS   55   67
mark   INF2D   8   57
student   98   Ansted
mark   IAML   18   90
student   99   Claudia
mark   ADS   8   60
student   100   Acy
student   101   Ake
mark   PPLS   52   53
mark   ASR   23   73
student   102   Amison
mark   RTN   37   98
mark   IRP   16   85
student   103   Oliver
student   104   Akerley
student   105   Agar
student   106   Kamryn
mark   ES   27   95
mark   ADBS   26   61
student   107   Leo
mark   ABS   64   59
student   108   Adrian
student   109   Darby
student   110   Annand
student   111   Kacie
mark   ADBS   74   76
student   112   Ailey
mark   INF2D   20   68
student   113   Alton
mark   ES   65   58
student   114   Finlay
mark   ADS   9   70
student   115   Abram
mark   EXC   75   61
mark   IJP   108   40
mark   PPLS   30   91
student   116   Leon
student   117   Aldredge
mark   ABS   108   41
student   118   Crystal
student   119   Abbitt
mark   RTN   64   96
mark   ADS   31   72
student   120   Agard
mark   ASR   94   68
student   121   Sebastian
student   122   Kieran
mark   DAPA   77   68
mark   COC   0   74
mark   AR   115   46
student   123   Cristal
mark   ES   51   89
student   124   Kalyn
student   125   Logan
student   126   Anchors
student   127   Allin
mark   TDD   61   92
student   128   Mason
mark   ANLP   68   54
student   129   Alfrey
mark   TDD   110   69
mark   ADBS   18   60
student   130   Allred
mark   HCI   108   40
mark   INF1-CG   58   86
student   131   Angers
student   132   Colleen
mark   ADS   66   89
mark   DISS   55   44
student   133   Aldis
student   134   Alwood
student   135   Leo
student   136   Akin
student   137   Allmand
student   138   Allis
mark   DISS   34   100
student   139   Anson
student   140   Ansley
student   141   Alban
mark   BIO1   93   94
student   142   Akey
student   143   Algood
mark   BIO1   64   89
student   144   Alward
mark   INF1-CG   17   74
mark   ABS   99   92
student   145   Angleton
mark   TDD   98   51
student   146   Bowen
student   147   Michael
mark   TDD   63   76
mark   CT   82   44
mark   BIO2   49   97
student   148   Kaelyn
student   149   Alvey
mark   SLIP   65   95
student   150   Alman
mark   PPLS   37   68
student   151   Abbey
mark   COPT   55   74
student   152   Basil
mark   CT   59   70
mark   COPT   39   40
mark   ANLP   119   82
student   153   Adley
student   154   Acre
mark   TTS   76   43
student   155   Finlay
mark   CCN   66   50
mark   PM   0   89
mark   AR   88   98
student   156   Ann
mark   TTS   73   63
mark   AR   92   61
student   157   Ailstock
mark   ASR   25   92
mark   CCN   79   63
student   158   Allee
student   159   Alway
mark   DISS   92   45
mark   PPLS   145   54
student   160   Alvis
mark   INF1-CG   59   53
mark   HCI   102   51
mark   DAPA   39   96
student   161   Kaley
student   162   Allyn
student   163   Arch
student   164   Arber
mark   DISS   158   92
mark   AV   9   86
mark   IAML   54   71
mark   CCN   15   64
mark   SLIP   18   96
student   165   Alls
mark   NIP   43   61
mark   IRR   62   77
student   166   Cora
mark   TTS   153   41
mark   ADBS   152   84
mark   BIO2   151   87
student   167   Ailes
mark   AR   146   53
student   168   Alday
mark   ANLP   25   67
mark   IRP   112   95
mark   DAPA   106   80
mark   DMR   103   68
mark   HCI   35   51
mark   PM   43   53
student   169   Alley
mark   INF2D   16   81
student   170   Darlene
student   171   Amerson
mark   ADS   126   83
mark   DAPA   22   53
mark   PPLS   90   82
student   172   Aborn
mark   DAPA   83   50
mark   COC   171   79
mark   EXC   110   74
student   173   Aley
mark   INF1-CG   32   76
mark   HCI   23   42
student   174   William
mark   ASR   105   70
student   175   Ace
mark   TTS   87   58
student   176   Argent
student   177   Alcock
student   178   Ailey
mark   CCN   153   60
mark   CT   4   54
mark   IJP   141   63
mark   DMR   106   87
student   179   Baron
student   180   Alvord
student   181   James
student   182   Akes
mark   AV   183   44
student   183   Harry
student   184   Allred
student   185   Alvord
student   186   Angel
student   187   Appleton
student   188   Alvis
mark   ES   41   72
mark   SLIP   94   90
mark   IJP   25   73
student   189   Aney
mark   RTN   72   64
student   190   Patrick
student   191   Danna
mark   AV   156   74
student   192   Adkinson
mark   HCI   113   86
student   193   Ammon
mark   DMR   5   50
student   194   Harry
student   195   Allington
student   196   Benedict
mark   ASR   6   84
student   197   Dayana
student   198   Alday
mark   ABS   173   99
mark   ADS   161   63
student   199   Allred
mark   TDD   113   73
mark   IRP   70   50
student   200   Amason
student   201   Adley
mark   BIO2   121   54
student   202   Finley
mark   ABS   159   52
student   203   Acomb
student   204   Bernard
student   205   Anness
mark   DISS   191   64
mark   PPLS   181   42
mark   EXC   17   51
mark   COC   170   83
mark   ES   171   51
student   206   Dalia
student   207   Allsop
mark   NIP   96   65
student   208   Alvin
student   209   Adcock
mark   CT   182   53
student   210   Allums
mark   BIO1   57   66
mark   ANLP   47   90
mark   IRP   123   91
mark   TDD   29   53
student   211   Braden
mark   ANLP   140   78
student   212   Andrew
mark   COC   57   56
mark   IRP   7   81
mark   DAPA   79   94
student   213   Allinson
mark   IRR   1   56
student   214   Joel
student   215   Cristina
mark   DAPA   97   62
student   216   Alders
student   217   Kaia
mark   EXC   138   82
mark   IRR   200   55
student   218   Adrian
mark   AV   124   97
mark   SLIP   5   64
mark   PM   71   50
mark   IAML   19   89
mark   CT   24   92
student   219   Dayana
student   220   Kallie
student   221   John
mark   COC   59   93
student   222   Anctil
mark   PPLS   26   55
student   223   Bowen
student   224   Judith
student   225   Ailstock
mark   ADS   56   99
student   226   Annas
mark   TDD   50   92
student   227   Able
mark   EXC   193   91
student   228   Anable
student   229   Kali
student   230   Acklin
student   231   Acomb
student   232   Abby
student   233   Kaitlin
mark   HCI   213   85
mark   ABS   105   94
student   234   Ace
mark   ANLP   128   81
mark   RTN   138   48
student   235   Benjamin
student   236   Age
mark   AR   201   41
mark   BIO1   48   78
student   237   Antill
student   238   Delaney
student   239   Ament
mark   COC   190   55
student   240   Abrahams
mark   INF1-CG   196   74
mark   IJP   58   87
student   241   Daisy
mark   CCN   242   80
mark   BIO1   172   50
mark   PM   55   64
mark   ADS   241   61
mark   ADS   113   62
student   242   Kallie
student   243   George
student   244   Ally
mark   AR   216   68
mark   BIO1   110   40
mark   ANLP   58   61
mark   AV   167   61
student   245   Dana
mark   IRP   243   56
student   246   James
student   247   Alsbrook
mark   IRP   213   91
student   248   Alfred
mark   ASR   200   68
mark   ANLP   53   72
mark   RTN   232   100
mark   IAML   70   97
mark   DISS   232   54
mark   ES   103   77
mark   TDD   56   80
mark   BIO1   169   81
student   249   Colleen
mark   ANLP   15   71
student   250   Alsobrook
mark   DAPA   51   55
mark   BIO2   201   47
student   251   Adrian
mark   INF1-CG   169   75
student   252   Alfrey
mark   HCI   178   51
mark   INF1-CG   234   100
student   253   Alton
student   254   Julianna
student   255   Adkins
mark   CT   195   61
student   256   Annas
student   257   Kieran
mark   BIO1   23   86
mark   IRP   188   87
mark   BIO2   19   63
student   258   Agate
mark   ASR   182   95
student   259   Appleyard
student   260   Angleton
mark   BIO1   29   42
student   261   Delilah
mark   CT   152   78
student   262   Ake
mark   EXC   30   57
student   263   Brandan
student   264   Alderman
student   265   Kallie
student   266   Joshua
student   267   Julianna
student   268   Acton
mark   IJP   121   68
mark   ADS   136   83
mark   HCI   248   80
student   269   Arledge
student   270   Acre
student   271   Allton
student   272   Anable
mark   TTS   161   87
mark   RTN   3   53
mark   NIP   268   67
mark   AR   12   58
mark   IRP   211   40
student   273   Delilah
mark   AV   92   50
mark   ABS   266   58
mark   ES   211   89
student   274   Dominic
student   275   Akey
mark   IRP   56   96
mark   AV   165   92
mark   DAPA   210   62
mark   DISS   172   54
student   276   Alworth
student   277   Annis
mark   BIO2   79   99
mark   COC   32   81
mark   ASR   275   73
mark   IRP   142   47
mark   AGTA   242   79
mark   NIP   72   49
mark   DMR   60   74
mark   IAML   277   79
mark   AGTA   191   95
student   278   Age
student   279   Samuel
mark   ES   19   87
mark   IRP   103   43
student   280   Deja
mark   INF2D   188   50
student   281   Barry
mark   ADBS   231   40
student   282   Amey
mark   IRR   111   57
mark   RTN   238   80
student   283   Alleyne
student   284   Antcliff
mark   ADS   73   92
mark   AR   232   44
student   285   Andry
mark   IRP   222   63
student   286   Amos
mark   DAPA   88   87
student   287   Alewine
student   288   Alcott
mark   AR   222   85
student   289   Joyce
mark   IAML   205   55
student   290   Arington
student   291   Alfrey
mark   ADBS   151   73
mark   IRP   110   75
mark   AR   10   97
student   292   Liam
mark   HCI   148   41
mark   TDD   256   99
student   293   Ally
student   294   Judith
student   295   Arendale
student   296   Kali
student   297   Kaitlynn
student   298   Agers
student   299   Aiton
mark   ASR   165   98
student   300   Kian
student   301   Acy
mark   PM   147   55
mark   PPLS   127   73
student   302   Kaitlynn
mark   PM   128   91
student   303   Aldis
mark   NIP   226   92
student   304   Ammon
mark   TTS   292   49
mark   AV   11   81
mark   COPT   251   49
mark   COC   149   95
student   305   Angley
student   306   Dylan
mark   PPLS   179   75
mark   COPT   281   52
student   307   Brandan
mark   IAML   171   57
student   308   Deanna
mark   DAPA   12   78
student   309   Ament
mark   DISS   202   60
student   310   Dania
mark   CT   175   94
student   311   Joseph
student   312   Amber
mark   INF2D   296   87
mark   RTN   239   56
mark   IJP   35   96
mark   HCI   282   71
student   313   Aldred
mark   ADBS   248   64
student   314   Jonathan
mark   INF2D   176   69
mark   ES   129   45
student   315   Adcox
student   316   Addington
student   317   Arden
student   318   Amerson
mark   DISS   220   90
mark   HCI   311   94
student   319   Allmand
student   320   Harvey
student   321   Allam
mark   INF1-CG   247   53
mark   AGTA   10   92
mark   ANLP   106   98
mark   AR   25   43
mark   DISS   309   96
student   322   Ambler
mark   EXC   104   84
student   323   Lewis
student   324   Joshua
student   325   Alcock
student   326   Appleby
student   327   Annear
student   328   Ellis
mark   BIO1   180   41
student   329   Kai
mark   ABS   71   84
mark   TTS   220   74
mark   RTN   235   52
student   330   Alligood
student   331   Bradley
mark   INF2D   248   88
student   332   Deasia
student   333   Dayana
student   334   Allport
student   335   Allan
student   336   Allread
student   337   Abbs
student   338   Jay
student   339   Abramson
student   340   Mohammad
mark   ADS   193   83
mark   DMR   32   85
student   341   Reece
mark   SLIP   56   79
mark   ADBS   10   55
mark   TTS   36   72
student   342   Arendale
student   343   Albro
student   344   Liam
student   345   Juliet
mark   EXC   259   40
student   346   Kamryn
mark   INF2D   65   72
mark   ASR   131   46
mark   CCN   261   74
student   347   Alliston
student   348   Kyle
mark   INF2D   209   86
mark   NIP   338   52
student   349   Andrus
mark   RTN   284   84
student   350   Finley
student   351   Albin
student   352   Joshua
student   353   Applin
mark   INF2D   30   86
mark   DAPA   144   65
mark   CCN   209   52
student   354   Matthew
student   355   Adey
mark   DAPA   354   75
mark   CT   190   61
mark   AV   21   90
mark   AGTA   152   60
mark   ANLP   235   55
student   356   Allday
student   357   Allison
mark   IRR   110   71
student   358   Alcott
student   359   Angwin
mark   IJP   336   47
mark   IJP   353   44
mark   PPLS   70   91
student   360   Agers
mark   INF1-CG   308   59
mark   COPT   138   46
student   361   Apps
student   362   Kaley
student   363   Delaney
mark   PPLS   341   62
student   364   Acton
mark   DAPA   102   94
student   365   Alsop
mark   ADS   225   68
student   366   Acton
mark   DISS   351   94
student   367   Abrams
student   368   Kaela
mark   COPT   291   57
student   369   Allee
mark   AV   188   59
mark   ABS   14   45
mark   INF1-CG   138   63
mark   IJP   247   51
mark   TDD   34   62
mark   NIP   352   75
student   370   Anger
student   371   Ager
mark   IJP   179   50
student   372   Andrews
student   373   Andros
student   374   Appleberry
student   375   Archdeacon
mark   INF2D   106   50
mark   INF2D   162   82
mark   BIO2   260   96
student   376   Leon
mark   TDD   362   82
mark   DMR   220   66
student   377   Corinne
student   378   Ackers
student   379   Allsup
mark   DAPA   127   72
mark   HCI   208   61
student   380   Leo
student   381   Akin
student   382   Addams
mark   BIO2   362   100
mark   TDD   360   69
mark   ABS   359   44
student   383   Aldrich
student   384   Basil
mark   COC   267   95
student   385   Braden
mark   AGTA   139   75
student   386   Abbitt
mark   COPT   101   71
mark   SLIP   72   41
student   387   Anstey
mark   AV   312   47
student   388   Anstead
student   389   Aney
student   390   Alfred
mark   COPT   186   83
student   391   Dasia
student   392   Acors
mark   TTS   380   77
mark   TTS   311   62
student   393   Leon
mark   PM   192   72
student   394   Agar
student   395   Arlington
student   396   Amason
mark   BIO1   35   82
student   397   Isaac
student   398   Ady
mark   TTS   143   65
mark   INF1-CG   53   86
student   399   Addis
mark   TTS   200   100
student   400   Andrew
student   401   Algood
student   402   Cristina
mark   EXC   126   59
student   403   Kaiya
mark   INF1-CG   243   72
mark   NIP   21   80
student   404   Able
student   405   Annable
student   406   Finley
student   407   Tyler
student   408   Barrett
student   409   Appling
mark   CT   145   57
mark   NIP   259   87
student   410   Liam
student   411   Joshua
mark   IAML   396   58
student   412   Appleyard
student   413   Andros
mark   AV   374   63
student   414   Anable
student   415   Deasia
student   416   Afton
mark   DISS   98   54
mark   DAPA   147   85
student   417   Danielle
student   418   Abbett
mark   ADS   19   80
mark   INF2D   193   98
student   419   Finlay
mark   BIO1   171   40
mark   AGTA   231   92
student   420   Taylor
mark   BIO2   387   93
mark   AV   42   71
student   421   Akers
mark   IAML   311   98
student   422   Acuff
student   423   Alvey
mark   DISS   37   48
student   424   Agate
student   425   Allie
mark   COPT   114   44
student   426   Annas
mark   ANLP   87   68
student   427   Baird
student   428   Sean
student   429   Arden
student   430   Bevis
student   431   Acock
student   432   Harvey
mark   NIP   82   69
student   433   Arbon
student   434   Albany
student   435   Abney
student   436   Ammon
mark   RTN   318   41
mark   COPT   92   91
mark   ANLP   332   44
mark   BIO1   120   65
mark   ANLP   85   97
mark   ASR   303   68
student   437   Applewhite
student   438   Akey
mark   COPT   282   45
mark   PPLS   170   64
mark   HCI   155   41
mark   AV   105   85
mark   NIP   29   63
mark   TDD   407   98
mark   ES   344   54
student   439   Andros
mark   IRR   426   61
student   440   Akerley
student   441   Ackerman
student   442   Ackerman
student   443   Ansted
student   444   Allender
student   445   Alridge
student   446   Courtney
mark   IRP   313   79
mark   IRP   297   82
mark   AV   3   75
student   447   Arber
student   448   Apple
student   449   Adkins
student   450   Leo
mark   COC   131   75
mark   BIO2   303   77
student   451   Sam
mark   COC   398   86
student   452   Damaris
student   453   Addison
student   454   Abbe
student   455   Angwin
student   456   Ackers
student   457   Aley
mark   HCI   157   64
mark   IJP   200   99
mark   DISS   225   84
student   458   Akerley
student   459   Antell
student   460   Amor
student   461   Alltop
student   462   Leon
mark   BIO2   214   81
mark   INF2D   241   51
mark   IRR   295   93
mark   ADBS   197   57
student   463   Deanna
student   464   Albert
student   465   Ake
mark   ADBS   326   61
student   466   Ellis
student   467   Ancell
mark   DMR   180   44
student   468   Ryan
student   469   Alcott
mark   HCI   281   95
mark   PM   272   78
mark   INF2D   401   91
student   470   Aldous
mark   TTS   151   64
mark   PM   420   100
student   471   Adey
student   472   Appleberry
student   473   Appling
student   474   Finlay
mark   AV   273   90
student   475   Alden
mark   ABS   246   66
student   476   Applewhite
mark   ANLP   258   75
student   477   Brandan
mark   DMR   232   57
mark   ES   260   87
student   478   Acey
student   479   Allen
mark   TTS   426   66
student   480   Amason
student   481   Alworth
student   482   Abbs
mark   PPLS   431   50
mark   IAML   75   61
mark   TDD   248   73
mark   EXC   161   42
mark   TDD   180   95
mark   INF2D   160   75
student   483   Alwood
mark   INF1-CG   481   74
mark   COC   308   64
student   484   Aduddell
mark   IJP   232   55
mark   INF1-CG   6   77
student   485   Alwin
mark   AGTA   273   78
student   486   Agate
student   487   Alston
mark   CCN   227   44
mark   NIP   258   79
mark   TDD   99   63
student   488   Allsbrook
student   489   Appley
student   490   Albin
student   491   Acker
student   492   Alderman
mark   DAPA   428   52
student   493   Antell
student   494   Ethan
student   495   Ryan
mark   ANLP   131   74
mark   ASR   488   55
mark   INF1-CG   416   94
mark   IAML   374   60
student   496   Corinne
student   497   Alsobrook
student   498   Julianna
mark   AV   203   53
student   499   Ailey
mark   BIO2   177   60
student   500   Abrahams
student   501   Argent
student   502   Annear
student   503   Amesbury
mark   PM   222   89
mark   BIO1   442   80
mark   CT   116   52
student   504   Allsup
mark   COC   223   99
student   505   Elliot
mark   EXC   202   53
mark   NIP   148   64
student   506   Dana
student   507   Appleberry
student   508   Anne
student   509   Claudia
mark   SLIP   310   51
student   510   Ackerly
student   511   Anable
mark   ADS   450   89
student   512   Ammon
mark   AV   254   66
student   513   Alcock
student   514   Alltop
student   515   Archer
mark   ASR   353   75
student   516   Lewis
mark   AR   273   99
student   517   Anguish
student   518   Alvey
student   519   Aldrich
student   520   Allison
student   521   Cora
mark   TDD   17   76
mark   TDD   85   54
student   522   Leo
mark   INF1-CG   440   95
student   523   Allyn
student   524   Blair
mark   DISS   35   43
student   525   Amor
student   526   Kamryn
mark   TTS   393   74
mark   TDD   46   42
mark   HCI   182   85
mark   DMR   199   63
mark   TTS   191   55
student   527   Kyle
mark   ABS   350   42
mark   IJP   504   98
student   528   Appleberry
student   529   Ansell
mark   DAPA   337   88
student   530   Antrobus
student   531   Jamie
mark   ANLP   141   100
mark   EXC   2   94
mark   ES   450   40
mark   DAPA   18   97
student   532   Allender
student   533   Angley
mark   AR   411   77
student   534   Adrian
mark   IRR   508   98
mark   BIO2   378   51
mark   AR   372   59
student   535   Acton
student   536   Jonathan
student   537   Ethan
student   538   Addicott
student   539   Thomas
student   540   Ambrose
mark   INF1-CG   64   87
mark   NIP   449   98
student   541   Albright
mark   BIO2   127   100
mark   EXC   352   78
student   542   Baird
student   543   Alsip
mark   RTN   210   68
mark   ABS   204   66
mark   IRR   342   40
mark   INF2D   85   70
student   544   Tyler
mark   IJP   10   68
student   545   Andrews
mark   ADS   145   43
mark   TTS   178   46
mark   INF2D   450   87
student   546   Allen
student   547   Dasia
mark   DISS   334   90
mark   AGTA   196   94
mark   IJP   236   58
mark   INF1-CG   363   69
mark   PM   303   57
mark   HCI   278   73
student   548   Braden
student   549   Allam
mark   AR   494   43
mark   AGTA   159   92
student   550   Addison
student   551   Ryan
student   552   Braden
mark   ABS   487   66
mark   NIP   517   99
student   553   Bernard
mark   TDD   527   99
mark   ABS   12   83
student   554   Angley
mark   NIP   222   81
mark   BIO1   525   97
student   555   Samuel
student   556   Acre
student   557   Abbe
student   558   Elliot
student   559   Joe
student   560   Daisy
mark   RTN   1   67
mark   IRR   280   84
student   561   John
mark   IJP   136   75
student   562   Addis
mark   AGTA   168   58
mark   COPT   259   77
student   563   Alling
mark   INF2D   29   62
student   564   Ainsworth
student   565   Harvey
student   566   Applebee
mark   PM   119   72
student   567   Arling
student   568   Allred
student   569   Aliff
student   570   Basil
mark   TTS   126   65
student   571   Alcock
mark   ASR   56   47
mark   IJP   555   40
mark   HCI   145   74
student   572   Allday
mark   BIO2   305   65
mark   ES   438   45
mark   IRR   343   42
mark   COPT   51   85
student   573   Abbot
student   574   Louis
mark   RTN   478   93
student   575   Angley
mark   IJP   40   43
student   576   Acuff
student   577   Annis
student   578   Kyle
student   579   Anstead
mark   BIO1   186   85
mark   ASR   76   62
mark   DMR   568   59
mark   DISS   130   79
student   580   Finley
student   581   Cynthia
student   582   Allard
student   583   Kacie
student   584   Arendale
mark   EXC   578   87
mark   DISS   123   54
student   585   Andrus
student   586   Appleberry
student   587   Finley
mark   CCN   82   92
student   588   Anthony
student   589   Barclay
mark   CCN   516   95
mark   ES   146   88
mark   EXC   172   57
mark   AR   576   76
mark   AGTA   352   75
student   590   Afton
student   591   Almond
student   592   Dominic
mark   SLIP   543   89
student   593   Damaris
student   594   Barry
student   595   Allford
student   596   Dakota
student   597   Ainslie
mark   ADS   547   58
mark   INF2D   278   51
mark   EXC   402   88
mark   AGTA   527   44
mark   HCI   290   54
mark   DAPA   433   49
student   598   Kailey
student   599   Barclay
mark   IRP   327   70
student   600   Antley
student   601   Allard
student   602   Logan
student   603   Cora
mark   RTN   270   91
student   604   Ackerley
student   605   Basil
student   606   Anchors
student   607   Anderson
mark   SLIP   509   84
student   608   Amis
mark   TDD   495   54
mark   PM   378   77
student   609   Alvin
mark   INF1-CG   124   80
student   610   Allenson
mark   ES   611   51
mark   IJP   258   87
mark   TTS   180   50
mark   IAML   450   94
mark   SLIP   485   74
mark   DISS   451   67
student   611   Kaila
mark   AGTA   406   70
mark   IAML   587   57
student   612   Jacob
student   613   Denise
student   614   Appley
mark   TTS   98   97
student   615   Alvis
student   616   Allman
mark   IJP   324   83
mark   DMR   509   97
mark   TTS   13   84
mark   AGTA   435   88
student   617   Arendale
student   618   Daphne
student   619   William
student   620   Andros
student   621   Allston
mark   COC   612   95
student   622   Lewis
mark   HCI   338   61
mark   COC   529   62
mark   AR   231   40
mark   DMR   424   86
mark   CCN   544   47
student   623   Barnaby
student   624   Allums
student   625   Damaris
student   626   Kaelyn
student   627   Acklin
student   628   Samuel
student   629   Alward
mark   TDD   30   56
mark   IJP   630   96
student   630   Daisy
mark   AR   162   65
student   631   Adgate
mark   SLIP   616   79
mark   AV   195   70
student   632   Anselm
student   633   Joseph
mark   HCI   303   46
mark   AGTA   452   74
mark   IAML   328   61
mark   ADS   270   58
mark   RTN   102   88
mark   COPT   527   60
student   634   Abbs
student   635   Benedict
mark   AR   230   69
mark   AGTA   50   66
student   636   Alvord
student   637   Archey
mark   HCI   606   75
student   638   Ackers
mark   TDD   6   53
mark   DMR   327   85
mark   INF1-CG   452   97
mark   PPLS   573   98
student   639   Anstead
mark   ABS   65   78
student   640   Baron
mark   HCI   195   86
student   641   Angel
student   642   Delaney
mark   ANLP   136   51
student   643   Colleen
mark   AV   168   51
mark   TTS   503   77
mark   EXC   642   41
student   644   Luca
mark   DAPA   507   40
student   645   Justice
student   646   Amos
mark   COC   466   80
mark   SLIP   374   74
mark   TTS   293   65
mark   ASR   471   53
student   647   Adderly
student   648   Ager
mark   COC   103   84
student   649   Adgate
mark   DAPA   649   84
mark   ADBS   396   40
mark   NIP   306   92
student   650   Kailyn
student   651   Joel
mark   ES   331   65
mark   DMR   298   90
mark   PPLS   386   59
student   652   Adkins
mark   ABS   123   88
student   653   Kacie
mark   BIO2   154   51
student   654   Abdon
mark   DMR   434   94
mark   NIP   307   86
student   655   Arford
student   656   Reece
mark   ES   122   99
student   657   Amis
student   658   Alltop
student   659   Allport
mark   AR   23   61
mark   AGTA   627   84
mark   AR   238   40
student   660   Ady
student   661   Ammon
mark   AR   93   71
student   662   Allsopp
mark   COC   539   50
student   663   Alton
mark   ADS   251   48
student   664   Allinson
student   665   Amber
student   666   Ackerman
student   667   Antil
student   668   Ancell
student   669   Sebastian
mark   ASR   146   69
student   670   Albro
student   671   Allis
mark   BIO2   400   71
student   672   Ailstock
student   673   Cora
student   674   Abbott
mark   INF1-CG   576   42
student   675   Baird
mark   SLIP   395   89
student   676   Kaitlin
student   677   Allison
student   678   Danielle
student   679   Angwin
mark   ADBS   467   74
mark   ES   554   51
student   680   Allnutt
student   681   All
student   682   Ager
student   683   Annis
student   684   Anderson
mark   INF1-CG   424   83
student   685   Allcorn
mark   PPLS   146   44
student   686   Acomb
mark   DMR   171   73
mark   CT   551   47
student   687   Addison
mark   BIO1   540   44
mark   NIP   234   89
student   688   Almond
student   689   Addicott
student   690   Apling
student   691   Alleyne
student   692   Alsop
student   693   Akers
mark   TTS   627   100
student   694   Jordan
mark   AR   366   47
student   695   Peter
student   696   Allender
student   697   Basil
student   698   Acock
student   699   Alridge
mark   TDD   81   70
student   700   Antle
student   701   Aguillard
student   702   Jamie
mark   EXC   389   60
mark   CCN   136   48
student   703   Alsobrook
student   704   Ackerly
mark   ANLP   533   54
student   705   Allport
mark   ASR   342   60
mark   DAPA   526   71
mark   AV   335   94
mark   AGTA   601   87
student   706   Abney
student   707   Bernard
student   708   Alberts
student   709   Julianna
student   710   Apland
mark   RTN   191   56
mark   EXC   158   75
student   711   Finlay
student   712   Andros
student   713   Kalyn
mark   DMR   250   87
student   714   Arden
mark   DMR   470   100
student   715   Louis
mark   DMR   198   96
student   716   Allton
student   717   Acker
mark   IRP   27   93
mark   COC   293   46
student   718   Allender
mark   COC   709   59
student   719   Bevis
student   720   Allsup
student   721   Arkwright
student   722   Alway
student   723   Alligood
student   724   Allread
mark   CCN   611   64
mark   CT   488   79
mark   AGTA   456   78
student   725   Alleyne
mark   DMR   97   50
mark   ES   719   80
student   726   Anker
student   727   Agate
student   728   Ethan
student   729   Kalyn
mark   ES   339   58
mark   INF1-CG   109   70
student   730   Jamie
mark   COC   479   43
mark   IRP   596   45
student   731   Ally
mark   TTS   235   71
student   732   Josh
student   733   Elliot
mark   AR   536   90
student   734   Allis
student   735   Kian
student   736   Ackerly
mark   BIO2   347   59
student   737   Abby
mark   ADBS   222   47
mark   IAML   43   96
student   738   Akin
student   739   Arington
mark   CT   300   86
student   740   Joyce
mark   ADBS   173   61
student   741   Alvord
student   742   Antill
student   743   Allgood
mark   AR   212   52
student   744   Allanson
student   745   Aldrich
mark   INF1-CG   389   63
student   746   Boris
mark   IRR   395   73
student   747   Lucas
mark   DISS   578   41
mark   ES   612   82
mark   ANLP   239   93
mark   IJP   68   77
mark   IRP   665   75
mark   INF1-CG   278   97
mark   PPLS   255   85
student   748   Adey
mark   BIO1   196   87
mark   AV   512   66
mark   ADBS   469   67
mark   EXC   571   59
mark   BIO1   79   79
student   749   Allred
mark   ABS   142   58
student   750   Spencer
mark   DMR   277   51
student   751   Akin
mark   ABS   510   53
student   752   Allerton
mark   AV   525   67
student   753   Nicholas
student   754   Ansell
mark   AGTA   699   68
student   755   Adkins
mark   DAPA   207   81
mark   AV   243   62
mark   ANLP   139   74
student   756   Amerson
student   757   Angevine
student   758   Addington
student   759   Kaitlynn
mark   INF2D   235   75
mark   TDD   693   85
student   760   Ethan
student   761   Barry
mark   TTS   291   52
student   762   Amor
mark   COPT   523   91
mark   CCN   563   63
student   763   Alkins
mark   INF2D   484   67
student   764   Taylor
student   765   Arkwright
student   766   Amesbury
student   767   Akehurst
student   768   Daniella
student   769   Allison
mark   DAPA   750   41
mark   IJP   425   94
student   770   Addis
student   771   Basil
student   772   Amey
mark   IRR   117   56
mark   IJP   740   68
mark   BIO1   762   40
mark   COPT   646   58
student   773   Acre
mark   TDD   120   81
student   774   Arendall
student   775   Amerson
mark   IRP   400   84
mark   TTS   625   54
student   776   Anderton
student   777   Alderson
mark   AR   717   68
student   778   Albin
student   779   Antley
mark   BIO1   107   98
mark   COC   538   78
student   780   Acreman
student   781   Argent
mark   ASR   777   72
student   782   Alderton
student   783   Amos
student   784   Benton
mark   PPLS   691   72
mark   BIO1   662   99
mark   INF1-CG   368   87
mark   AGTA   183   58
student   785   Allman
mark   ASR   289   87
mark   INF2D   6   55
mark   SLIP   446   69
student   786   Bradley
mark   IAML   779   98
mark   BIO1   661   89
mark   AR   300   49
mark   ABS   435   65
student   787   Anselm
student   788   Arington
mark   IRR   368   45
mark   AGTA   490   85
student   789   Allam
student   790   Darlene
mark   AGTA   426   49
mark   PPLS   283   76
student   791   Alkins
mark   IJP   473   92
student   792   Abney
student   793   Allender
mark   ES   426   93
mark   PPLS   736   52
student   794   Thomas
mark   BIO2   708   56
mark   ASR   172   83
student   795   Arling
mark   PM   253   60
mark   IRP   318   66
mark   BIO1   721   76
mark   BIO2   132   66
student   796   Kaela
mark   SLIP   506   50
mark   INF1-CG   693   82
student   797   Aldis
student   798   Brandan
student   799   Kaitlyn
mark   IJP   730   52
mark   CCN   312   58
student   800   Alsbury
mark   EXC   568   58
mark   BIO1   76   100
mark   DMR   600   67
mark   IRP   308   82
mark   BIO2   485   48
mark   COPT   272   100
student   801   Thomas
student   802   Anable
student   803   Agate
mark   SLIP   438   93
student   804   Brandan
student   805   Allanson
student   806   Ailstock
mark   IJP   304   88
student   807   Juliet
student   808   Allie
mark   COC   408   43
mark   ABS   146   65
student   809   Blake
mark   TDD   413   61
student   810   Andrus
mark   PM   598   80
mark   ADBS   436   63
mark   RTN   185   40
mark   SLIP   490   98
mark   HCI   751   80
mark   TTS   596   79
student   811   Dylan
mark   IAML   200   92
mark   IRP   495   74
student   812   Kaleigh
student   813   Kieran
student   814   Acre
mark   IRR   92   62
student   815   Ainslie
student   816   Julissa
mark   AR   609   41
mark   BIO2   354   56
mark   CT   464   45
student   817   Angle
student   818   Acey
student   819   Antell
student   820   Ackroyd
student   821   Acre
student   822   Applebee
student   823   Deja
mark   BIO1   560   87
student   824   Antell
mark   COPT   698   58
mark   INF2D   714   83
mark   PM   742   48
mark   ES   387   79
mark   COC   160   91
student   825   Age
mark   ANLP   444   60
student   826   Applegate
student   827   Isaac
student   828   Anderton
student   829   Allis
student   830   Aleck
student   831   Amory
mark   TDD   298   83
mark   INF1-CG   285   96
mark   HCI   217   97
mark   ADS   515   62
student   832   Ackley
mark   SLIP   508   94
student   833   Dakota
mark   HCI   205   96
student   834   Kaila
student   835   Alborn
student   836   Appley
student   837   Cristal
student   838   Allnutt
mark   CT   45   87
mark   TTS   722   73
mark   CT   494   41
mark   INF2D   131   97
student   839   Acuff
mark   IRP   152   95
mark   PM   13   61
mark   IRP   523   51
mark   ADS   429   89
student   840   Mohammad
student   841   Ansley
student   842   Arford
student   843   Ackers
mark   COPT   553   42
student   844   Acton
student   845   Ansell
student   846   Ace
mark   CT   694   65
student   847   Adwell
student   848   Mohammad
mark   ADS   114   91
student   849   Ady
student   850   Alvey
mark   INF2D   669   66
mark   DMR   580   79
student   851   Abbs
mark   AGTA   245   45
student   852   Ackley
mark   IRR   130   100
student   853   Kaleigh
mark   ASR   29   54
student   854   Almy
mark   EXC   485   59
mark   INF1-CG   505   69
mark   BIO1   528   83
mark   TDD   147   56
student   855   Ake
mark   IAML   802   89
mark   DMR   599   76
mark   EXC   338   94
mark   NIP   189   54
student   856   Finley
student   857   Deanna
mark   ANLP   218   72
mark   TDD   469   67
mark   TTS   372   56
student   858   Anstey
student   859   Arden
mark   PPLS   19   99
student   860   Mohammad
student   861   Agate
student   862   Addison
student   863   Benedict
mark   TTS   440   54
student   864   Aduddell
mark   NIP   119   99
student   865   Alsup
mark   ADBS   760   54
student   866   Aliff
student   867   Abdon
mark   ASR   578   64
mark   CCN   45   60
mark   COC   250   40
student   868   Allred
mark   BIO2   11   99
mark   TDD   603   79
mark   DMR   39   61
student   869   Anable
mark   DISS   118   63
student   870   Louis
student   871   Ackroyd
mark   COC   448   85
student   872   Allston
student   873   Amber
mark   DISS   533   81
student   874   Ainsworth
student   875   Kyle
student   876   Liam
mark   ADBS   39   56
mark   COPT   568   85
student   877   Jordan
mark   AGTA   781   68
student   878   Baron
student   879   Alan
mark   DAPA   308   82
mark   AV   535   45
mark   PM   734   100
student   880   Argent
mark   ADS   230   77
mark   COC   828   67
mark   TTS   707   82
student   881   Addy
student   882   Apps
mark   PPLS   806   45
student   883   Joel
student   884   Julie
student   885   Arden
mark   DMR   661   60
student   886   Kyle
mark   PPLS   81   54
student   887   Daniella
mark   CT   565   49
student   888   Allee
student   889   Aborn
mark   TTS   661   61
student   890   Allday
mark   RTN   83   87
student   891   Aborn
student   892   Aliff
mark   COC   197   83
student   893   Alderson
mark   HCI   370   65
mark   AGTA   568   54
mark   NIP   788   55
mark   IRP   333   56
student   894   Ansley
student   895   Corinne
mark   ASR   595   46
mark   EXC   112   82
mark   ABS   193   74
mark   PPLS   561   50
mark   CCN   621   92
mark   IRP   678   57
student   896   Acres
mark   NIP   872   91
mark   ADS   322   49
mark   ANLP   124   68
student   897   Alligood
mark   TDD   888   67
student   898   Ailstock
student   899   Abbott
mark   RTN   810   97
student   900   Allgood
mark   AR   724   78
student   901   Danielle
student   902   Ager
student   903   Joyce
student   904   Abbs
student   905   Appleby
mark   EXC   640   47
mark   ABS   140   98
mark   IJP   701   66
mark   CCN   586   44
mark   ABS   779   62
student   906   Aldridge
student   907   Deanna
student   908   Amor
mark   NIP   481   63
student   909   Juliette
mark   ASR   255   74
mark   AV   707   54
mark   TTS   125   75
student   910   Arledge
mark   TTS   295   53
student   911   Abbs
student   912   Daphne
student   913   Julianna
student   914   Arey
student   915   Akes
student   916   Andros
mark   IRR   682   73
mark   DAPA   872   93
student   917   Kailyn
student   918   Bradley
student   919   Arledge
mark   IAML   796   65
student   920   Aliff
student   921   Appley
student   922   Louis
student   923   Anthony
mark   ADS   146   50
mark   HCI   177   97
mark   NIP   123   59
mark   RTN   595   58
student   924   Jacob
mark   TTS   46   98
student   925   Dasia
student   926   Alvin
student   927   Alleyne
mark   PPLS   342   86
student   928   Darby
student   929   Allie
student   930   Allston
student   931   Kailyn
mark   PPLS   733   79
student   932   Anstead
student   933   Kyle
mark   IRP   57   92
mark   AR   72   71
mark   CT   341   78
mark   ADBS   226   76
student   934   Alton
student   935   Amos
mark   ES   465   48
mark   DISS   507   57
mark   IRP   871   83
mark   ADBS   568   82
student   936   Abbey
student   937   Ackley
student   938   Allnutt
student   939   Apps
mark   NIP   197   57
student   940   Allgood
student   941   Akin
mark   INF1-CG   296   65
mark   INF2D   711   62
student   942   Amison
mark   AR   484   72
student   943   Abrams
student   944   Aley
mark   BIO1   643   46
mark   ABS   918   71
mark   BIO1   563   61
student   945   Kai
mark   CT   399   61
mark   PM   796   55
mark   PM   729   50
mark   ES   799   52
mark   INF2D   520   60
mark   TTS   82   78
mark   CCN   225   41
student   946   Allenson
mark   HCI   548   75
mark   TTS   157   60
student   947   Arch
student   948   Allnutt
student   949   Agers
student   950   Alger
mark   COPT   666   65
student   951   Alderson
mark   ES   839   91
mark   TTS   656   82
student   952   Alles
mark   COPT   151   63
mark   ES   99   64
student   953   Agard
mark   INF1-CG   316   64
mark   IJP   862   68
mark   IRP   888   78
mark   EXC   922   53
student   954   Blake
student   955   Arden
mark   TTS   870   55
mark   AGTA   363   86
student   956   Mohammed
mark   INF2D   538   51
student   957   Baird
student   958   Adley
student   959   Addis
mark   SLIP   807   65
mark   DMR   584   46
student   960   Ainsley
mark   ANLP   723   46
student   961   Allwood
student   962   Allerton
mark   INF2D   164   67
mark   ADBS   641   66
student   963   Allums
mark   AGTA   325   91
student   964   Nicholas
student   965   Kacie
student   966   Anctil
mark   PPLS   603   81
student   967   Allington
mark   IRR   602   96
student   968   Albury
student   969   Addams
student   970   Acors
mark   IJP   789   87
mark   ADS   817   55
student   971   Alan
mark   TTS   680   45
student   972   Arledge
mark   INF2D   73   70
student   973   Alles
student   974   Abramson
student   975   Kaleigh
mark   ES   535   100
mark   SLIP   67   51
student   976   Andry
student   977   Brandan
mark   BIO1   515   75
student   978   Daphne
mark   TTS   692   55
student   979   Acomb
mark   AGTA   221   55
student   980   Arey
student   981   Angle
student   982   Andrews
student   983   Juliana
mark   CCN   26   73
mark   PM   961   69
student   984   Ackerman
student   985   Kacie
mark   IAML   470   49
mark   CCN   155   70
student   986   Aplin
mark   ABS   442   79
student   987   Jamie
student   988   Abby
mark   INF1-CG   930   97
student   989   Alvis
mark   BIO1   71   96
student   990   Addison
mark   ADS   732   50
student   991   Archbold
student   992   Barnaby
mark   CT   769   88
mark   DISS   60   66
student   993   Deborah
mark   TTS   136   68
student   994   Bowen
mark   DAPA   974   62
student   995   Afton
student   996   Allcorn
student   997   Abby
mark   ADS   682   80
mark   AGTA   120   78
student   998   Age
student   999   Alridge
student   1000   Daniella
student   1001   Arledge
mark   BIO1   997   91
mark   IRP   791   75
student   1002   Kaley
mark   NIP   659   89
mark   COC   751   87
mark   SLIP   682   86
mark   TDD   725   86
student   1003   Courtney
student   1004   Cynthia
student   1005   Arden
student   1006   Baird
student   1007   Applin
student   1008   Apsey
mark   AR   790   60
mark   DMR   535   88
mark   SLIP   315   85
mark   IAML   467   81
student   1009   Arendall
mark   TDD   48   73
mark   NIP   497   83
student   1010   Blake
mark   AR   595   82
student   1011   Allison
student   1012   Addington
